Doc fixes (#8105)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/operations/upgrading/v1.14.md

* **Automatic discovery of GraphQL remote executors**: When your upstream service is already a GraphQL server that includes its own resolvers, you can automatically discover and use them to resolve requests for remote execution. You do not need to define another resolver within the GraphQLApi. For more information, see [Remote executor configuration for existing GraphQL server upstreams]({{% versioned_link_path fromRoot="/guides/graphql/resolver_config/#remote-executor-configuration-for-existing-graphql-server-upstreams" %}}). 

**Deprecated features**:
* AWS Lambda responseTransformation

> * [xDS relay]({{% versioned_link_path fromRoot="/operations/advanced/xds_relay/" %}})

Reviewer: I like this callout. I think we may even want a section of breaking changes. I see that in https://docs.solo.io/gloo-edge/latest/reference/changelog/open_source/#compareversions_v1.14.0-beta1...v1.14.0-rc2 we list a few. To be honest, I'm not sure how "breaking" they are, whether we truly stopped suporting something, or deprecated it. I'm happy to explore further if that helps

Author: so I went through all the changes in the changelog and added Helm fields, new commands, and features to the upgrade notice. the xds doc will be removed as part of Art's PR so I removed the link as well.  I think in general, we want to call out major changes only as they can read about smaller features in the changelog themselves. hopefully I was able to do that with the update notice. :) 

Regarding performance numbers, I have it on my list to add docs for it.

* **Added support for Kubernetes 1.25, removed support for 1.22**: Gloo Edge (OSS) can now be run on Kubernetes version 1.25. At the same time, support for Kubernetes version 1.22 was removed. This is considered a breaking change as APIs and file paths have changed. For example, the PodDisruptionBudget CRD moved from the `policy/v1beta1` to the `policy/v1` API. In addition, the Gloo Helm chart OCI registry path changed from `gcr.io/solo-public/gloo-helm` to `gcr.io/solo-public/gloo-helm/gloo`. 
* **Horizontal pod autoscaling v2 support**: You can now configure horizontal pod autoscaling for the gateway proxy in accordance to the Kubernetes `autoscaling/v2` API. 

**Deprecated features**:
* AWS Lambda responseTransformation

**Removed features**:

> * xDS relay

Reviewer 2: Not sure if we wanted a longer description, but if so, this is what I put in the 1.13:
```suggestion
* **xDS relay**: With the introduction of leader election for the Gloo Edge control plane, xDS relay is no longer needed to increase the availability of the xDS server. Previously, the xDS relay was deprecated in 1.13, a beta-only feature in Gloo Edge 1.11 or 1.12, and not available for non-default installation modes of Gloo Edge, such as REST Endpoint Discovery (EDS), mTLS, or Istio mTLS modes.
```

## Helm changes {#helm}

**New Helm fields**:

> * Added the ability to specify the security and pod security context for the redis and rate limit deployments by setting the following Helm values:  

Reviewer 2: Make bullets parallel, either all past tense or all present tense; right now it's mixed. Maybe make 2nd person?
```suggestion
* Specify the security and pod security context for the Redis and rate limit deployments by setting the following Helm values:  
```

## CLI changes

**New CLI commands or options**:

> * New `--read-only` option in `glooctl check` to allow users to validate their configuration without requiring RBAC permissions on certain resources.  

Reviewer 2: Maybe rephrase these to use 2nd person? or something to make the bullets parallel; right now they start with a noun phrase, past tense verb, and present tense verb.
```suggestion
* Validate your configuration without needing RBAC permissions on certain resources by using the `--read-only` option in `glooctl check`.
```

> * Added the option to compare the CRDs that are currently installed with the CRDs of a specific Helm chart version by using the `glooctl check-crds --version <string> --local-chart <string> --show-yaml <bool>` command. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Compare the CRDs that are currently installed with the CRDs of a specific Helm chart version by using the `glooctl check-crds --version <string> --local-chart <string> --show-yaml <bool>` command. 
```

> * Allow switching contexts for different clusters by using the `glooctl --kube-context <string>` command. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Switch contexts for different clusters by using the `glooctl --kube-context <string>` command. 
```
